let's just remind our viewers uh what
they're witnessing it's just gone 14400
hours GMT 4:00 in the afternoon in Gaza
and this is breaking news coming out of
central Gaza with one of the worst
Israeli air strikes since the offensive
began a number of residential buildings
have been destroyed in the jabalia
refugee camp early
indications uh and witness testimony say
potentially at least 50 people have been
killed hundreds more have been injured
uh you can see a stream of the people
here already entering uh one of the
overcrowded and overstretched medical
facilities uh and the pictures are
pretty disturbing let's um cross over to
hany Mahmud who's our correspondent in
the south of gazin Khan Unice
Communications with Central Gaza are
quite sketchy right now hannie what more
are you hearing about this particular
attack
well I was just watching uh a video uh
that about the early early recording of
what happened just about half a minute
and it it looked from the video looked
like there were a group of residential
homes very close to each other as my
colleague safwa described it's one uh
one square kilometer we're talking about
a very densely populated area with at
least at least uh more than 100,000
people live in that area like uh houses
are on top of each other there's no
space roads are very narrow so when an
air strike or like a group of air
strikes take place in that densely
populated area the damage is it great
and it it it definitely affects the
surrounding area which explains uh why
there are so many people uh killed right
away in this in this attack now that's
the only the only uh video that we we
got so far from that area we're waiting
for more more reports and more evidence
photos and videos of this massacre uh a
communication networks is still disabled
we find it very difficult uh to talk to
people to send the text message and
receive text message about what's
happening and I believe there is a
reason uh for for that uh lack of
communication or disabled communication
is just to uh just leaving Gaza or
taking Gaza Off the Grid so people know
what's going on in that area and as what
happened in the past few days when Gaza
was complete a black out and in the next
morning we woke up on massacres
everywhere in the northern part in Gaza
City where we seen one entire family
alul family for example 42 people were
killed from one family in a sh a refugee
camp I think this is a replica of what
happened in the past 3 days it's it's
happening again and there's a fear it
will extend to other areas and hany
there has always been this question
about whether ambulances and medical
staff can get to the scene of these
incidents when they themselves are also
a Target both from the land and from the
air what sort of problems do medical
emergency services face when trying to
get to these locations especially now
that there is this ground offensive in
central
Gaza well for first of all in terms of
logistics uh I mean the ambulances
vehicles are are Target are targeted by
the Israeli air strikes but there is
another uh another problem with of how
to get to these sites or or or in terms
of which road to take Israel uh Israeli
air strikes has has have turned Gaza
into a maze of rubbles so a road that
takes you 15 minutes to the targeted
sides because there so much rubbles on
on the road will take you 45 minutes or
1 hour to get to the targeted SES which
is in enough time to to for people under
the rubbles to die or for someone who is
bleeding and not being saved properly
this is the the the tragedy of what's
going on Gaza turned into a pile of
ruins and with with withr you for a
second because we need to go to the
Ministry of Health uh and they have a
press conference in carun let's just
listen to them now one ton of explosives
to
destroy block six in jabalia refugee
camp
completely this District consists of
houses and buildings next to each other
and they are
old and they include and they host
hundreds of citizens the occupation War
PL have destroyed this District
completely with six us made bombs thrown
to these places thrown on these people
and every single one in this District
have lost their lives and have been
wounded the first figures
400 Mars and wounded and such a new
brutal Massacre committed by the Israeli
aggression in Gaza
Strip the Israeli
occupation is continuing these massacr
and expanding the ground aggression on
Gaza during the
24 uh last hours Israeli
occupation entered through different
front the first the Northwest Front
of Gaza they entered this region and
they have destroyed all the residential
areas in this
place this
has resulted in massacres thousands have
been displaced and the
occupation forces have leveled all the
buildings and the tanks just went over
these areas and they reached the Lan
area Alama area Northwest Gaza
Strip the occupation forces in this
particular part is committing massacres
is shelling houses of the people and the
occupation in another front
entered
the south of
Gaza and they arrived to Salah Street
and they have isolated Gaza into or
divided Gaza into two parts and this is
increasing the humanitarian
catastrophe our people suffer the
occupation until now is
expanding the
ground operation south of Gaza
and in the northwest of
Gaza the occupation in order to reach
these areas have destroyed all the
buildings all the buildings in South
Gaza they
destroyed completely all the towers all
the houses have been leveled and
destroyed totally and
comprehensively tanks were there of
Israel the occupation also
destroyed big parts of zun east of Gaza
as zon District east of Gaza the Israeli
occupation is expanding the ground
aggression is committing the brutal
massacres like the ones happened few
minutes ago in
jabalia the
occupation is bringing a catastrophe a
humanitarian catastrophe
in Gaza that is not tolerable at all we
urge the Free People conscious all over
the
world on the four corners of the world
to move quickly in order to stop the
genocide crimes committed by
Israel against our Palestinian people
the innocent the
civilians the children the women
the
cameras of the media
Outlet are documenting the crimes and
the massacres of the
occupation the biggest number of the
victims are from children and women and
the civilians and the innocent people
that are being killed every minute by
the occupation forces through long ing
grades and committing
massacr we urge everyone to stop this
aggression and before everything to stop
immediately the killing of civilians to
stop the genocide crimes against our
Palestinian people Gazza today is
fighting the most the worst occupation
in have have been known throughout the
history the Gaza is fighting the
occupation the Nazis and who has who is
destroying
everything destroying and burning
everything in Gaza we appeal we urge the
entire world everyone has to be up to
his historical responsibility to move
quickly before it's too late to rescue
what is still there from Gaza Gaza is
resilient and is facing this occupation
the Nazis and the criminal Victory will
be our people shame on the
occupation that kill women and children
and peace be upon
you well that was uh IAD alzam the
interior Minister uh for uh Gaza and